# HCI-Project
# HCI group project:
We are building a system which will connect the athletes to the doctors.
Here we want to implement Google O-Auth for data security. The athletes will be able enter the required injury which they are suffering currently, post which the system will show the list of expert doctors in that domain along with their availability and ratings. The athletes can schedule their appointment with the required doctor after looking at their rating and availability date. The athletes will be able to rate the doctor after their session depending on various parameters.
The current state-of-art is the UHS online appointment scheduling system. Our initial impression of it is that it is not user-friendly. One cannot see doctor’s information, and has to go through a badly-designed survey to see the appointment slots. We want to build a website that is more user-friendly.
Currently we are starting off this project by building a web-based platform for them to connect but in future we will definitely build a cross platform app which will render both on Android and IoS devices.

# HCI Individual project:
Building a system to connect students interested in playing similar sports or games. Implemented login feature with school credentials for data security and safety so that only students with valid university credentials can use the application. Users should complete their profile information which includes Name, pronouns, a few sentences about themselves, Sports they are interested in, and level of experience in the sport. Users will be able to make a request to join a preexisting group or create a new group based on the game and level of the user. Furthermore, users receive friend recommendations, and the search functionality will make it possible to find friends or groups along with features to view their current friends and groups they are part of. Users can navigate messages and talk to their friends or groups they are part of, so that they can have a partner to play games with. In addition, the groups can be public or private, meaning private groups are only invite based or accessible to certain levels of players the group owner is looking for. In contrast, public groups are visible to anyone on the application. This application would be a cross platform mobile application for IOS and Android users. In conclusion, it solves the problem of feeling left out when you do not know anyone to play with and helps connect like-minded people together.
